hey girl hey so today I'm doing a tag
and this is the kickoff to summer tag
even though summer has already been
kicked off and out but I thought it
would still be fun to do and I haven't
done any like seasonal summer tags and I
love doing seasonal videos like this so
I hope you guys enjoy and let's get
started Hey Girl hey so today I'm doing
a tag and this is the kickoff to summer
tag even though summer has already been
kicked off and out but I thought me
would still be fun to do and I haven't
done any like seasonal summer tags and I
love doing seasonal videos like this so
I hope you guys enjoy it and let's get
started okay the first question is
favorites our nail polish and i
absolutely love blues and turquoises in
like teal colors for the summer and this
is so beautiful i love to wear this one
this is in the Cabana by SE and i think
it's from their resort collection i
could be wrong though but it's just a
beautiful bright blue um a little bit
green tint color and is just so pretty I
love and I could wear it every day of
the summer and markets think of it the
next one is beauty or hair products that
you cannot live without the summer but I
absolutely love this this is the big
sexy hair weatherproof spray it's the
humidity resistant spray so it just
looks like this this is I think it's
just the mini size but um you just
sprayed it on your hair and what it does
is it keeps your hair from getting
frizzy in humidity or frizzing in
general if your hair tends to press up
this is awesome I know especially in the
summer it's like hard to keep your hair
looking as it did when you walked out
the door but this stuff really helped so
it's really nice and I like it a lot
next is trends you're looking forward to
the summer and if you know me I'm not
very up on the trends kind of bad but I
really really like I know this is a
trend and I really like it it's black
and white which is really odd for the
summer because usually summer is all
about fiber colors and neons have two
examples of this I think it's such a
cute idea just to like have a bunch of
black and white in the summer I think
it's a great trend here's a skirt this
is from forever 21 it's tribally and
it's really cute
and the pattern makes it kind of like
fun and summer me but the black and
white makes a trendy I'm Soviet here's
also something from forever 21 it is
addressed it's sleeveless and it's a
black and white floral pattern I think
this is so cute so yeah I think that's
really cool is like having the colors
black and white but having the pattern
make it more summery because then it's
not like too over the top this is
favorite bathing suit this is probably
the most boring ass you've ever seen but
I just like playing black it's like a
one-piece thing so boring but i like it
so I wear favorite summer jam I actually
this is really sad I actually have not
been keeping up with music at all
because I was at camp for three weeks
and I don't really have access to itunes
a camp but um before that I did really
like um just the really really
mainstream what's it called uh it starts
at sea Oh blurred lines I know I like
that song a lot and uh what is the other
one that's like super popular that
sounds kind of like it starts with C by
Daft Punk oh my god it's killing me what
is it called this is so frustrating Oh
get lucky that doesn't serve see get
lucky by Daft Punk I like that song a
lot to God that took me forever I like
on that I really have nothing keeping up
with music um but yeah those songs that
was probably a really predictable answer
all right it must have lip color I have
been obsessed with this as I got in my
Ipsy bag oh my god i'm wearing right now
and honestly I don't even know why I'm
so obsessed with it because it's such
like a basic color because usually
subbers like bright corals and you know
whatever bright colors you get it this
is the pop beauty howdy pop crack that's
a tongue twister pop beauty padded pop
quick pop beating no this is in rose
romance and it's such a pretty rosy
color I don't know it's just like my
natural lip color but better it's a
little bit lighter but I absolutely love
it and I wear it all the time I'm
obsessed with it so that's my must-have
lip product so it is summer perfume and
I'm going to have to go with my Pacifica
island vanilla roll on this smells like
heaven and vacation in vanilla and
deliciousness so definitely best summer
scent actually best anytime scent and
then this is specifically summer this is
the pink with a splash fun and fearless
um body mist yeah so doesn't it just
like look summary come on and it smells
really nice and I where bodies vary
quite a bit this summer um so yeah okay
one place that you want to go this
summer um so the funny question because
i'm actually going or tomorrow kind of
but i want to go to Canada and I am
howdy how that works out I also want to
go to VidCon and I am so I guess it's
just a little bit late this summer to
make new plans necessarily for trip
number nine are you a jean shorts girl
or a dress girl um I like dresses but
definitely in the shower i'll probably
be wearing jean shorts more than dresses
because during the summer i'm not really
doing things that would work well the
dresses so jean shorts are probably the
way to go so my favorite summer shoe is
this pair of sandals i'm pretty sure
these are from oh I think these are from
go jane hong yeah and they're just
really cute black strappy sandals they
have like back heel support and i think
they're adorable they go with everything
and i don't know i think they're really
cute so I like this a lot and I where
I'm basically almost every day so ideal
summer date as I know Christy doesn't go
on dates but in a fantasy world um my
ideal summer date hmm probably I
definitely would want to go to an
amusement park for a day I think that'd
be so much fun favorite Sony's or
sunglasses funny thing is this i only
own one pair sunglasses so i guess they
have to even a favorite um I actually
had to but then one of them broke in a
rotating glass door in New York City so
yeah um these are i'm pretty sure
they're dis from fred meyers my friend
got them for me they're just pink and
white striped really basic like squarish
lenses and i think they're adorable so I
like them I love that this light
style with the different printed rims on
stuff I think they're really cute so
this is my one and only pair and last
question is your favorite thing about
summers so I have a lot of favorite
things about summer there's no school
the weather's nicer um I could just
sleep in but I think my favorite thing
this is kind of weird but it's just like
the this is actually really really
cheesy but the feeling of freedom kind
of like you don't have as many
responsibilities your schedules like as
you please you can just do what you want
go where you relatively um and it's just
like so relaxing i think my favorite
part of that summer is feeling like I
don't have anything like on my shoulders
or I don't Mickey jar of dates and stuff
it's just like relaxing because it's
more like free I suppose oh so those
were the 13 questions of the kickoff to
summer tiger hope you guys enjoyed
watching I don't know if anyone tagged
me but I saw the unseen by can do this
so I thought I wanted to do it too so
have you guys enjoy i'll see you in my
next video and you love you bye